# fixes.txt is for bugs, minor refinements to existing features

scrobble support
	last.fm, listenbrainz, or both

get artist info from different site
	wikipedia scraping difficult, no standardized page formats
	scrobble site(s)?
	include similar artists, top tracks, etc
	provide clickable links -- possible in bubbletea?
	prelim research
		last.fm limits bio to 300 characters
		musicbrainz is standard for official studio album lists but no bios
		discogs has good bios and multiple image links
		the audiodb website is pretty good
			but api results are underwhelming
			bio is good
			can't get album lists or top tracks like website, just 1 result
			images are good, artist thumb plus 4 fanarts

visualizer
	add as another view with "v"
	switch visualizers with up/down (same way we scroll in views anyway)?
	options
		go-audio
		what is cliamp using?

crossfade on station changes
	pseudo-crossfade (vol down, vol up)
	apparently mpv doesn't support real crossfade?
	others have used 2 mpv instances to create real crossfade effect
	mpv --lavfi-complex='[aid1] [aid2] <filter> [ao]'
	says to check ffmpeg libavfilter docs (see crossfade.txt for snippet)

search and play/enqueue favorites directly
	add search to manage modal?

desktop notifications

sleep timer and alarm
	
cache for offline listening (good for flights, etc)
	different than favorites, though jukebox mode can run offline (I think)
	possibly just launch from cli without running full tui
		e.g. rptui --cache 2h
		saves to ~/.cache/rptui/offline
		would have to run for 2h then close
		maybe print time remaining to the terminal
		when you run rptui without connection, detect lack of internet, presence of offline cache
			ask user if they want to run in offline mode
		would need a cache manager
			could just add to manage modal with faves and blocklist items

add artist thumnail to artist info view
	will need to be scrollable
	will also need to clear when we open modals or toggle views
	if scrolling not possible, could just fallback to "press <key> to view artist image(s)"
		then open modal with artist thumb and possibly other images from wikipedia page
		go-termimg has a gallery feature
		artist images modal with "i"?
		cache images
			~/.cache/rptui/images/albumart ?
			~/.cache/tptui/images/artistart ?

live theme reloads
	detect changes in Omarchy theme (and maybe custom theme?)	
	
implement command line switches (override config file)
	size small (no album art, no playlist -- like toggle "v" to off) -s s or -s small
	size medium (no playlist) -s m or -s medium
	size large (default, show all) -s l or -s large
	if run from launcher, can we open terminal of just that size?
	if run from within terminal, no resize

favorites "jukebox" mode -- queue all faves random and play, at end repeat all
	--jukebox or -j
	no API queries
	jukebox_min_faves = 50 (setting in config file, not editable from app)
	also add "j" hotkey for "Juke"
		clears playlist, enters jukebox mode just like from command line
	need to decide how to handle playlist
		add all to playlist, but would then have to scroll
		add a given number of songs, then when near end, add more, prune as needed, similar to normal mode
	would need to show status jukebox mode or similar. is there a jukebox emoji?
